Team: Sizzling Syntax

LOG FILE

Group Members:
Griffin Kepp
Casey Raegan
Martin Lavendier
Nick Hain

Sunday February 19th:

Amazon Web Services recognizing our Github Repository and the respective files that are in them
Time: 5pm to 6:30pm
Members: Nick Hain , Martin Lavendier
Description - Using the CodeDeploy system on the Amazon Web Services to upload our files to our app. Our respository is then recognized by 
Amazon Web Services and our files for the web application are ready for the final deployment setup.


Monday February 20th:


Correcting the DNS of our website to accept the public DNS.
Time: 6pm to 8pm
Members: Griffin Kepp , Casey Raegan , 
Description - Setting up and correcting the DNS of our website to accept the public DNS or www.sizzlingsyntax.com. This will allow access by typing
in sizzlingsyntax.com or www.sizzlingsyntax.com

Fixing the firewall and traffic policy for our website
Time: 6pm to 8pm
Members: Nick Hain , Martin Lavendier
Description - Making sure that our website will accept HTTP AND HTTPS requests, as well as mangaging the TCP protocols to 
properly handle HTTP or HTTPS request to access our website.

Setting up the SSH security settings and creating access keys so we can all develop our appliation from a secure shell.
Time: 8pm to 10pm
Members: Griffin Kepp , Casey Raegan , Nick Hain , Martin Lavendier
Description - Setting up the Amazon web services to accept the IP Addresses of each our home IP's, so that we
can access the EC2 instance from home. This was done by creating access and secret access keys so that we can shell
into the virtual machine. The virtual machine must be handle environment variables and allow us to access through a 
shell anywhere.

Creating a security group so we can all access the Amazon EC2 Virtual Machine Instance
Time: 9pm to 10pm
Members: Griffin Kepp , Martin Lavendier , Casey Raegan , Nick Hain
Description: This creates a group of all of us so we can properly access the virutal machine instance.


Tuesday February 21st:


Amazon Web Services Finalizing EC2 Instance of Virutal Machine:
Members - Casey Reagan , Martin Lavendier , Griffin Kepp , Nick Hain
Time: 5pm to 7pm
Description - Completed the process of initialzing the Virtual Machine instance on the Amazon Web Services. This was a process that we followed
on Amazon to get the initial setup running.

Hooking up Amazon Web Services Code Delpoyment:
Members - Griffin Kepp , Martin Lavendier , Griffin Kepp , Nick Hain
Time: 8pm to 12pm
Description - Following a step by step process on the Amazon Web Services, this was the majority of the chunk of the process of getting our code to deploy
from Github. This also requires tampering with the settings on the virtual machine and installing apache.


Wednesday February 22nd:


Setting up the login functionality on the page
Members - Casey Raegan , Nick Hain , Griffin Kepp , Martin Lavendier
Time: 10pm to 1pm
Description - Having the login page accept a username and password. If the password and username is not valid then the website sends the user back to the page. 
